Engage. Employ. Empower.
Building more neurodiverse workforces


Only 15% of autistic adults are employed.
Spectrum Works is on a mission to change that.
​Spectrum Works aims to address this challenge by providing job training, employment support, and raising awareness about the valuable contributions autistic individuals can make in the workforce, while helping companies become inclusive workplaces, and tap into a pipeline of dedicated and talented employees.

BENEFITS FOR COMPANIES
    Gain a source of dedicated, hard-working, focused, loyal employees
    Create an inclusive and diverse workforce culture
    Reduced turnover, as autistic employees stay at companies
    Increase image as a socially responsible company
    Meet Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Goals
    Increase internal volunteer and mentorship opportunities

THE IMPACT 
700+ Participants Trained
35+ High School Partners
18 Partner Companies

The Spectrum Works model helps young autistic individuals live up to their potential for stable, successful, economically self-sufficient lives and, at the same time, helps partner companies create inclusive workforces. 

The majority of the participants we have served are employed, attending college, or are currently participating in Spectrum Works' job training program.

Our Partners
Rent the Runway
FM Expressions
Bergen Logistics
ZaGo
Bergen New Bridge Medical Center
Walgreens
Montclair Public Library
American Dream
On Point Marketing Agency
IKEA
Sesame Street Learn and Play
Vision Media Marketing Inc
Gamers Grove Esports Center
Cozy Tea Loft
NJ Exotic Pets
Burlington
Homewood Suites by Hilton
Applebee's Grill and Bar
MSI

HEAR HOW COMPANIES ARE BENEFITING FROM A PARTNERSHIP
"I think first of all, Spectrum Works did a very good job getting us prepared and getting us ready for the students or the interns. Letting us know the kind of work that might be more suitable for someone on the spectrum, saying 'let's start small, let's start in a particular department', and offering a coach. I think they just made that investment up front so that the program could succeed." 
Marjorie Ramos, Chief People Officer at Bergen Logistics

"Initially when the program started, I may have had concerns about making sure they are safe, or about how the other employees would treat them. But those concerns were nonexistent. FM employees have included them in so many ways and it’s been a mutually beneficial experience. The employees at FM enjoy working with the students and employees with autism and are happy they are part of our company." 
Brad Berkowitz, General Manager at FM Expressions

Our organization’s philosophy is to use a mixture of identity-first (for example ‘autistic person’) and person-first (for example ‘person with autism’) language, to reflect the diversity of preferences in the autism community.