Ann Marie Sullivan
Founder & CEO
After a progressive career that included executive-level positions at several companies that she co-founded in the US and Europe, Ann Marie combined a strong entrepreneurial sense with more than two decades of experience in building and managing start-up organizations to co-found Spectrum Works. She was the co-founder/COO of Absolute Publishing which published the luxury lifestyle magazine Absolute NY and the founder/CEO of Helix Communications AB in Sweden. Helix Communications specialized in developing educational marketing products for the pharmaceutical industry in the Nordic countries. These products included 25 peer reviewed medical journals and interactive continuing medical education programs which were developed in collaboration with medical institutions and medical opinion leaders. In addition to her for-profit experience she was a management consultant for NESC and assisted in the establishment of their Social Enterprise program which helps nonprofit organizations develop earned income programs.

Beverly Ficon
Program Manager
For many years, Beverly was Dean and subsequently President of Katharine Gibbs College, located in Montclair, New Jersey. She has effectively trained young adults in their pursuit of employment and implemented a job placement program for students. Gibbs’ students have attained roles of leadership and respective positions in their employment and in communities. In recent years she has been dedicated to serving her community as a volunteer for CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate) and a member of CIACC (Children’s Inter-Agency Coordinating Council) of Essex County as well as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Mental Health Clinic of Passaic. As a graduate of Georgian Court University, she holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration and Education and a M.S. from Seton Hall University in General Professional Education. Beverly is the mother of three and has a granddaughter diagnosed with Apraxia and Global Development Delay.

Katherine McGonigal
DVRS Program Manager
Katie graduated from the University of Rhode Island with a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Public Health and a minor in Nutrition. For the past five years, she worked at the Spectrum360 schools as a classroom aide with children with autism and disabilities. She also currently works as a live-in caregiver/companion through the Easterseals of New Jersey. In her free time, Katie enjoys traveling, skiing, and playing/teaching the drums with her family’s local bagpipe band. She seeks to foster an inclusive environment where all members can find purpose and community.

Christina Grzybowski
Business Relationship & Fundraising Manager
Christina graduated from Seton Hall University with a bachelor’s degree in Diplomacy and International Relations and minors in Nonprofit Studies and German. Christina first worked for Spectrum Works in the Summer of 2018 as a Social Enterprise Management Intern.

Before joining the Spectrum Works team again in February 2021, Christina interned and later worked part time at the New Jersey office of the Arthritis Foundation. She also interned and transitioned to full time after graduation at Powered by Professionals, a fundraising and event management company based in New York City that specializes in helping charity and nonprofit organizations. 

Chanel Cardenas
DVRS Program Manager
Chanel Cardenas is a dedicated professional with a B.A. in Psychology from New Jersey City University and a Master's in Applied Behavior Analysis from Arizona State University. With two years at Spectrum Works, Chanel aligns her goals with the organization's mission of finding inclusive employment for individuals diagnosed with autism. She firmly believes that with the right support and opportunities, people with disabilities can become great, successful employees. In her free time, Chanel enjoys reading romance novels, indulging in delicious foods, and traveling as much as possible.

Edmia Nunez
DDD Program Manager
Edmia began her extensive career as program coordinator for special needs adults by providing instruction on helping them build employment skills, as well as, providing them with assistance in seeking permanent employment. She is passionate in helping all individuals seek opportunities to become independent and grow in a career that can be satisfying for them. As DDD Program Manager she will continue to provide all autistic adults with the tools necessary to strive in life.

Jonathan Rojas
Training & Development Specialist, Graphic Design & Production Manager
Jonathan graduated from Ramapo College of New Jersey with a B.A. in Visual Communication Design and a minor in Visual Arts. At the college he worked as a provost student designer and office assistant, transferring photos and DVD files to the web​

At Spectrum Works, Jonathan started as a graphic design intern and now teaches graphic design and web design to individuals with autism enrolled in the program. He also creates digital and print marketing collateral for the company's job training programs, in addition to managing customer promotional product orders with client communication, art file prep, wholesale purchases, and inventory management.

Jailene Ortez
Training & Development Specialist, Graphic Designer
Jailene graduated from New Jersey City University with a B.A. in Graphic Design with a minor in Marketing. She interned as a graphic designer at Jersey City city hall during university. At Spectrum Works, she teaches students graphic design and other computer skills and assists in designing for the company’s marketing. Jailene likes to learn foreign languages, read, paint and draw in her free time. With Spectrum Works, she hopes to provide the necessary skills for students to flourish and succeed in their future endeavors.

Christopher "CJ" Conti
Training & Development Specialist
CJ graduated from Montclair State University with a Master’s in Computer Science. At MSU he worked as a graduate assistant and taught college students basic and intermediate programming concepts. He also has several years of experience teaching Taekwondo at his local dojang.

At Spectrum Works, CJ teaches students web design skills, such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. He focuses on making sure students are able to design websites and learn general programming skills. When teaching, CJ provides helpful feedback and examples so students can improve at web design. He has designed a curriculum with a mix of assignments that focus on life skills and fun assignments.

Marianne Cavallo
Training & Development Specialist
After graduating from Seton Hall University with a B.S. degree in Special and Elementary education, Marianne went on to develop and implement a Community Based Transition program to enable students with disabilities to pursue their postsecondary goals. She taught this program as a member of the faculty of Essex County Schools of Technology for twenty nine years. She organized a Parent-Student Outreach evening program to assist in learning how to access the system of services for successful transition. Marianne was a member of the staff of the Arc of Essex County for thirty years. While with the Arc, she directed an adult evening Recreation Club program and worked with the participants of a hotel weekend respite program and members of a weekly Saturday recreation program. She is a certified Autism IBCCES specialist. She is also certified as an instructor in the SLE Structured Learning Experience.

William Doran
Training & Development Specialist
Will is a licensed social worker who graduated from Ramapo College with a Master’s Degree in Social Work and a Bachelor’s Degree in Social Science. At Ramapo College he worked in the counseling center working with students on the autism spectrum. Before that Will worked in kitchens and the event industry in New York City. In his free time, Will enjoys listening to music, traveling, hiking, and reading.

Susan Marshall
Training & Development Specialist
After attaining a B.S. in Education and Special Education and a Masters in Applied Behavior, Susan worked with students with autism in public school settings. This work included teaching students with autism in elementary school, providing parent and teacher training, coaching new teachers, working as a behavior specialist in a county school and served as the Autism Program Coordinator and autism specialist for the Newark Board of Education. 

Following retirement from the Newark Board of Education, Susan joined Spectrum Works to support young adults with autism in developing soft skills, such as;  communication, time management, flexibility and self-advocacy necessary to gain employment and be successful in the workplace.   

Susan has lectured extensively on the challenges that face individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and their families, and is currently a member of Autism New Jersey, Autism Speaks and POAC.

Nellie Edelstein
Training & Development Specialist
Nellie graduated from Ramapo College with a Bachelors degree in Social Work. While at Ramapo, she completed field placements working with children and families as well as pregnant women and new moms. Nellie has experience as an Aide for individuals with Autism and held a former position as a Care Manager. At Spectrum Works, Nellie is a job coach and strives to help participants reach their individualized goals and support them in their journeys into the workforce. In her free time, Nellie enjoys doing arts and crafts and spending time with her loved ones.

Sheila Garcia
Training & Development Specialist
Sheila Garcia is a graduate of William Paterson University, where she earned a Bachelor's degree in Secondary Education and History. After graduating, she sought out hands-on experience in a school setting, starting as a paraprofessional. Shortly thereafter, she transitioned into the role of Job Coach at Teaneck High School, working with their Multiple Disabilities classrooms and the 18-21 transition program. What was initially intended as an extra year of experience quickly sparked a passion in supporting individuals with disabilities. This experience not only reinforced her commitment to inclusive education but also fueled her dedication in helping individuals with disabilities build the skills and confidence necessary for success beyond the classroom.