Spectrum Works believes that autistic adults can be integrated into the workforce through education and opportunity.

Our vision is to change society’s perception of how companies can seamlessly employ and integrate people on the spectrum into their workplace. We provide job training, internships, and employment opportunities to young autistic adults by partnering with companies to build more inclusive workplaces.

OUR STORY
Spectrum Works is a (501)(c)(3) designated non-profit organization located in Secaucus, New Jersey dedicated to providing job training and employment opportunities for autistic high school students and other young adults on the spectrum. It was founded by Ann Marie Sullivan, an entrepreneur with two decades of experience in building and managing start-up organizations, to address a critical disconnect between an 85% unemployment rate for autistic individuals and their value to the workforce as employees with inherent skills and abilities. In 2013, she partnered with Robert Butters, founder of Green Distribution, to make the Spectrum Works vision a reality. 

We are motivated every day by our students and graduates - our story is their story. Our happiest moments are seeing their self-confidence improve, their skills increase, their friendships deepen, their acceptance into college, and when they ultimately become employed.

The Spectrum Works Job Training and Employment Program incorporates on the job training, classroom based learning, and competitive employment opportunities via partnerships with participating companies.
Our model helps autistic young adults live up to their potential for stable, successful, economically self-sufficient lives and, at the same time, helps companies create neurodiverse workforces.

Our values guide everything we do, including how we interact with our employees, our participants and their families, our colleagues, our customers and community, and our business partners.

Integrity: We are honest, ethical, and trustworthy.

Team: We build a positive team and family spirit where everyone is valued. We embody diversity, inclusion, and belonging.

Empathy: We go beyond understanding another person’s perspective. We act with compassion and respect for participants and their families, colleagues, customers, and partners.

People: We believe in people who share a passion for our mission and authentically engage with their work. We embrace and respect our participants’, colleagues’, and partners’ diverse experiences and perspectives.

Work Ethic: We are dependable, dedicated, and motivated.

Collaboration: We work collaboratively, welcoming open exchanges of ideas and feedback. We empower our teams and trust their decisions.